Ahhh stop
ah live
My man, I see you don't want to live anymore
Brother, do you want to avenge me?
Don't worry, the people of my Heaven and Earth Alliance
Didn't end well
Mind him alive
Sun Hongwei, don't mess around on the road in the future
Is that what Wang Xiaohu taught you? Be bold
Tiger Lord's name is also something you can call directly
If you have a name, it's called by someone
Hahahaha
kid
I'm afraid you don't know that yet.
In this Yunzhou
At night, it's your tiger master who has the final say
You are the one who runs a food stall.
Don't tell the tiger
Extremely arrogant?
When I called him Xiaohu
He was so happy!
It turned out to be an invisible thing
Cut the corners of his mouth into eight pieces for me
I'll see who dares to do it
Fifth Master
Master Wu, why are you here?
How dare this kid call you by your nickname
I'm about to teach him a lesson
Hey
Ouch, yo.
Master Hu, calm down
I do it myself
Chop this kid into eight pieces hahaha
I'll chop you into eight pieces
Wang Xiaohu catches heavy brothers
Meet big brother